Updates to include databricks (#294)
snowplow/documentation: docs/getting-started-with-snowplow-bdp/cloud/index.md

    
BDP Cloud differs from Snowplow BDP Enterprise in the following ways:

> - It is hosted by Snowplow, rather than deployed into your own cloud account

Author: ```suggestion
- It is hosted by Snowplow rather than in your own cloud account, for teams seeking a turn-key managed solution
```

> - It is more limited in terms of the functionality it provides

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - It has an event cap of 5m events per month

Author: ```suggestion
- It has an event cap of up to 80m events per month
```

> - You can load your data to your self-hosted Snowflake or Databricks destination (more destinations coming soon)

Author: ```suggestion
- You can load your data to your self-hosted Snowflake, Redshift, or Databricks
```
